PR: Create magics for run|debug file|cell (IPython console) (#20633)
spyder-ide/spyder: spyder/plugins/help/utils/tutorial.rst

.. note::

>    The particular paths shown inside ``runfile`` will depend on where you have saved the file, but this is inserted by Spyder automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The particular paths shown next to ``%runfile`` will depend on where you have saved the file, but this is inserted by Spyder automatically.
```
